Pros: Lots of nice features; fold up handle and retracting cord. Really does make my hair feel soft and seem healthier.<br /><br />Cons: It's not as lightweight as I would have hoped or some other reviews have said. It's also not as quiet as other reviews have stated, the noise is average, not any quieter or louder than others that I have owned.<br /><br />Overall, I am happy with it, especially for the $25.00 price.<br /><br />Update 04/16/13 - owned for over a year and still going strong.
Love these pacifiers, after my friends seen them they all wanted them too. I like that they dont go the whole way up to the babies nose like the ones from the hospital, and thier much softer. As for the vanilla scent it wears off quickly.
We waiting for our baby to be born in April. Cant wait for her to try this pacifier. its cute looking especially it says Daddys girl :)
This hair dryer is pretty good for the price.  It has alot of options as far as speed and heat, plus has the turbo option and a cool shot.  It doesn't dry my hair faster unless I use the turbo option, even then it's not a big difference.  I still like the hair dryer though, it's easy to handle and does it's job.
I'm just a guy and my needs for a good hairdryer are the following:<br />Good airflow<br />Quiet<br />Drys the hair quickly<br />This hair dryer meets all three, plus the price is right.
I have very long hair so it use to take me about 20 min to dry .  I read the reviews so I thought I would take a chance What a differece With this hair dryer it only took 5 min I could not believe it def not sending this one back
It's a great little hair dryer. Small footprint on wall & dries hair efficiently. What more could you ask for.
This unit is quieter than others I have, and dries my hair faster--seems to have good power. I also find it comfortable to hold and the switches work smoothly.
This is my first non-$12 drugstore hairdryer and I think I'm satisfied.  The difference isn't as miraculous as I was hoping it would be but it's still a very good hairdryer.  When I used it with no attachments it blew my hair into oblivion but dried my very thick hair in record time.  Not a hairdo I could leave the house with though.  But when I used the curly hair attachment (the one with the prongs) it worked perfectly (albeit taking longer to dry).  My only complaint is that the buttons are placed right where my hand holds the dryer which means that until I got used to adjusting my grip, I would constantly be turning it off or changing the settings inadvertently.  I don't really like the way that I have to gingerly hold the thing to avoid this.  Overall, if you're looking to upgrade to a grown-up hair dryer, this one is a good one.
I was hesitant to buy this at first because we only use the Gumdrop Pacifiers and I didn't see how I could attach those to the bear. It took some effort but I WAS able to do it (see the pictures I uploaded in the product images).<br /><br />The directions I got with the bear state that it can be tossed in the washing machine - pacifier and all - but I have not done that. It's a personal preference, just not sure how safe it is to get laundry detergent on a pacifier, even if it's rinsed. So I wash the pacifier by hand with hot water and replace it when necessary.<br /><br />When I first bought this my baby (then 8 months) did not like this bear because it was a bit heavy and it kept pulling the pacifier out of her mouth. Within a few days, though, she really got used to it. Before buying this, I was going nuts in the dark trying to locate the pacifier in her crib, and the fact that she has designs on her crib sheets didn't help matters because it was easier to lose among them! I purchased this bear to solve my problem, and it solved my baby's problem, too - when she starts crying at night she locates the bear (easy enough to do, even half asleep), puts the pacifier in her mouth and falls back asleep in no time. This bear is a lifesaver!<br /><br />EDIT: Dec/2013 - I recently had to replace this for my almost 2-year-old as she broke the loop. The original one I bought came in a drawstring bag with the green pacifier pictured as well as a clear plastic flat pacifier that looked like a teether. Now I spent more money (originally bought for around $11, this time bought for $15) and the pacifier pictured and the teether pacifier no longer comes with it. They really cheaped out and raised the price. I'm disappointed. Still a great product but not as pictured! I'd give this 4-stars now.
i loved it my niece looked so cute=) im gonna end up buying more as soon as i start having my own kids they look funny and its a unique pacifier..
it's not working, never stay on the mirror. Falls down all the time in few hours, and it broke my large mirror last time. I hate it, and I am not going to use it.
The sound it makes resemble more a truck passing by than in uterus sound BUT the battery lasts for ever and my little man seems to enjoy it anyway!
These are the PERFECT baby shower add on gift.  My son is by no means fussy but this little buddy is his favorite car seat companion for the traffic ridden commute to daycare.  The nook is attached to the little animal making it easy for the lil ones to grab hold in the early days when the fine, hand to nook skills are a little lacking.  And if that wasn't enough reason, they are washing machine safe.  Highly recommend!
these are awesome!  i used the blue & green ones with my son & just ordered the pink & purple set for my daughter that is due in a few months :)
These are the PERFECT baby shower add on gift. My son is by no means fussy but this little buddy is his favorite car seat companion for the traffic ridden commute to daycare. The nook is attached to the little animal making it easy for the lil ones to grab hold in the early days when the fine, hand to nook skills are a little lacking. And if that wasn't enough reason, they are washing machine safe. Highly recommend!
I've heard a few people swear by these things, so obviously they work well for lots of kids.  My baby though would gag whenever she got the nipple into her mouth.  Not really sure why... but she never had Soothies in the hospital or anything and prefers the Avent pacifiers with the wider, flatter nipple.  Also, like many others have noted, it would have been nice if it could be sterilized.  I held the monkey over a pot of boiling water, being careful not to get the nose of the monkey too wet while the pacifier boiled.  Not sure how well it worked, but better than nothing!  The monkey could've been a bit heavier too, as it often fell off of my baby. (She's 4 months, so this would work way better for a kid still being swaddled.)
My wife wanted this to replace an old broken one.  It arrived on time and works as advertised with no problems so far.  She said she likes it.
I love this pacifier compared to the other version which I love to. I love this one because when my daughter sleeps with it in her mouth when she's on her stomach it is flat but when I want to attach it to a cord so it doesn't end up everywhere when we are out it also has that capability! I Couldn't say anything more that would make this item more perfect! Great job NUK!!
Despite trying many hair conditioners and smoothers, my hair remained dry and frizzy.  Finally, someone advised me it might be my hairdryer.  I needed the concentrator attachment.  I checked Amazon's reviews, and noted that this dryer did not work well on thick or long hair.  So, it seemed perfect for my short, thin hair.  And I am satisfied.  Even at the same 1875 Watts as my old Conair dryer, this one does not seem to get very hot and it does take longer to dry my hair, about 10-15 minutes longer. (I've had two ion dryers that claim to dry hair faster, and I don't believe it.)  But, I am better able to style my hair while I dry it, and am pleased with the results.  My hair looks shiny and has almost no frizz, even in the dry air of a heated house.
I have long hair that takes forever to dry. My boyfriend bought this for me for my birthday and it has taken time off of my morning routine and it also matches my curling wands! I love the pink and black design and it's much quieter than my old hair dryer. I highly recommend it!
This dries quickly and the heat is gentle producing hair with less frizz that is sleeker and shinier than  the hair that older dryers produce.    The downsides are the bulk and the size.  I find the size of the dryer sometimes is offputting to move around the head- not impossible but alot better with a smaller dryer.  I also don't care for how poorly the labels for the heat and air settings wears- its only a few months old and already there's alot of wear due to how my hand usually grips the handle.  I notice this issue alot in Chinese made goods (especially keyboards), but its annoying nonetheless.
Got this for a relative for xmas. She is very pleased with it. It has 3 fan speeds, which is not that easy to find any more. It comes with a couple of drying accessories, too. It is not lightweight though, which, in my view is the only shortcoming.
Hi, I commented that I get the dryer is in the photo with carecteristicas they offer, I feel cheated and very angry, because I rely on information that you published the photo in addition to the product but it is not, the dryer sent me has nothing to do with what they are offering, I feel cheated, robbed.  are a very bad sellers, they offer a product that ultimately can not sell.
As with almost all of the other reviews, which I basically ignored, the battery life does not last.  We bought this to take on an international trip so that we would not be constantly worrying about dirty pacifiers on the plane and in the airport.  We did not even make it from the states to Europe without the batteries dying. And we put fresh batteries the day we left. Better to buy pacifier wipes.
i love these! im so glad i got the blue ones too. it said color may vary and i was worried i would end up with a girl color. i have other pacifiers i received as gifts but so far i think these are the best. its so cool they glow in the dark.
Was very happy to purchase an all natural pacifier, however my daughter who is EBF and loves to suck would not take it after multiple attempts throughout her first month.  I think it has to do with the nipple size ... I don't see how it could replicate a mothers nipple which touches the roof of babies mouth.  This nipple just seems too small for my baby to suck the same way she would as if she was breastfeeding.  Really sad this product didn't work out because I was excited to try it.  I would suggest new moms give it a try though, because if you're going to introduce a pacifier, you might as well make sure it's natural!
WOrks fantastic and came with a diffuser and another nozzle for straigtening! Very inexpensive and works great!  I bought one for myself and one for my mother.
Since her birth my daughter only takes a soothie binkie. I had gotten her a clip for her binkie, but I wanted something better than that. I asked my friend in my breastfeeding support group where she got hers and she told me the website on the binkie. I came to amazon.com upon learning the name of them and I found a TON more than the duck and red puppy. I let my oldest daughter pick out my youngest daughters Wubbanub and she found this. I love how soft the elephant is. I was also very happy that for the first time in her two months of being on Earth she decided she didn't need the vanilla scent of her soothies from the hospital. We will now be ordering her the Red Dragon, as that was the one my husband wanted to get her.  I only gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because of the way it has to be cleaned, and the binkies are not interchangeable if the soothie gets worn down. At about 13-20 dollars a pop, I would think they would find a safe way to make the binkies interchangeable.
We used this for about 1 month...it would not stay snapped to our diaper bag so we had to store it inside the bag.  Then the zipper broke!  So now I am going to buy a different brand to replace it. Not happy with the quality. Could barely fit 2 Nuk pacifiers in it.
Performs great,  no problems.  Light is perfect brightness.  1200 watt setting works just fine.  Great space saver.  Used in hotels and great for kids bathrooms.
This really is a good hair dryer, it gets very hot which I love and dries the hair quickly.  I have long hair and it didn't take me long at all to dry it.  The dryer itself is pretty heavy but that was not a problem for me, to others it may be though.  The reason I gave this product a 3 is because I bought it on Sept 4 2010 and finally just had to replace it about 2 months ago because it started to make the most god awful noise when I would use it, I can only describe the noise as slowly murdering a cat behind the engine of a plane.  I do like conair products and it was definitely a good dryer and lasted me for quite a while.
I usually look up Consumer Reports on most of my purchases.  Over the years they have proven to be trustworthy and my purchases at their recommendation has saved me money and headaches.  The Revlon hairdryer has just been purchased but I like it already.  It is priced affordably but has many options and handles easily.  Not disappointed in the least.
My husband purchased this dryer for me. within a couple of uses it stopped blowing hot air. He reminds me all the time how much money he spent and how it can't be used.
Confession time: I am not a man. I don't even KNOW a man who uses a hairdryer, so I don't know why this is for Men. That being said, this is the best hairdryer I have ever used. Don't ask me to explain what that Ionic setting does---the manufacturer doesn't even explain it to my satisfaction. But, somehow, it DOES WORK on my cobweb-fine, delicate, difficult, body-less, totally straight, almost-waist-length hair. I wear it long and braided so I can ignore it as much as possible, and so it doesn't fly around all the time and get tangled in stuff or end up in people's food.  I only wash it once a week because it's so darn dry---it would probably all fall out if I washed it every day. I don't perm, color, or otherwise mess with it because chemicals just destroy it. I've had the split ends of my braid knot up so badly in the wind that I've had to cut an inch or more off. Most hairdryers are really hard on my hair, so I use them as little as possible.<br /><br />I like the design of this hairdryer---it's fairly light, comfortable to hold, and the attachment nozzle is nice for focusing the air where I want it. There's nowhere my hair can fly into the works and get tangled. I use the ionic setting with the heat on high, and control the amount of hot air with the handy cool burst blue button that turns the heat off. My hair dries faster and untangles easier than it ever has in my life. Not only that, but it STAYS untangled all week. How is this possible? I don't know. I DON'T CARE!<br /><br />I thought maybe I was imagining all this, so I asked my daughter-in-law to try it. She said, That was the best experience I've ever had with any hairdryer in my whole life.<br /><br />Please don't comment that this can't possibly work and it's all unscientific and that I'm making stuff up, as someone has on one of my other reviews. For me, this hairdryer makes a positive difference (pun intended) on my hair. Now I'm going to buy one for my daughter-in-law!
Picked this up at our local Lowes for a good price. This model has the real stainless handle, and not the painted-grey handle I saw on a lower end model. We installed it with minimal problems for our kitchen out of the 1960's that usually has non standard things (finding a fridge that fit was very painful). We needed one with a low clearance distance to the cook-top - 14 inches or less, and Samsung meets the bill at 13 inches. After using a counter-top microwave for the past few years, this seems huge. I'm still learning all the features, but am certainly pleased by the power of the fan. I'm exploring the use of the sensor cooking and can't wait to use the rack to be able to actually cook the amount of squash I want at once - the old microwave was just too small. I'll update this review if I run into any problems as we run it through it's paces, but so far it was relatively easy to install and is easy to use.
When I bought my first T-3 I paid $220.00 at a hair salon, i was told it was hands down, the best blow dryer. It was awesome, but after 3 years I started having problems. I certainly didn't want to pay 200.00 dollars again but the drug store dryers were not powerful enough for my hair......so my daughter encouraged me to try amazon. I never thought i would find the T-3 on amazon but to my surprise I did find it! I was able to get a brand new, perfect T-3 for 64.95 from discount jungle! I was a little nervous till I got it but it was perfect, it works better than the one I got from the salon!!! I feel like I got the deal of my life!
This is the only pacifier my daughter will take. It has give in it unlike other pacifiers so it's more natural.
I am very happy with my monkey wubbanub. It is small enough to be comfortable for an infant.  I think it is so cute, hopefully the baby enjoys it!
THE DRYER WORKED GREAT FOR MY HAIR. I SELDOMLY USED IT AND I NEVER DROPPED IT. WHILE USING IT ONE DAY, THE MOTOR EXPLODED FROM THE BACK OF THE DRYER AND HIT ME IN THE FACE. I TURNED IT ON AND HEARD A STRANGE NOISE. SO NATURALLY, I DECIDED TO TURN IT OFF TO SEE WHAT COULD BE WRONG. BEFORE I COULD TURN IT OFF, IT HAD ALREADY EXPLODED AND SMOKE STARTED TO COME OUT OF THE DRYER! PIECES OF THE DRYER HIT ME IN THE FACE. QUITE HARD! I DON'T KNOW IF THE ONE I RECEIVED WAS DEFECTIVE OR IF THIS IS A COMMON ISSUE WITH THIS MODEL DRYER. CAUTION TO ALL!
Two settings: low hot or high hot. It's really featherweight. Quick drying time but the motor doesn't sound as good as my old Italian made dryer. I wish I had tested it out in person first before buying I would return it but I got it for a song and don't want to pay the shipping cost and 15% restocking fee. It'll do.
having owned a couple of the predecessors of this dryer, which were always quite satisfactory, I find this newly designed mounting system to be a poor excuse for a mounting bracket.  The screws meant to hold the dryer to the bracket are totally inadequate..too small to withstand the torsion of removing and replacing the dryer on the bracket.  I can't imagine how much was saved by changing to this style, but it certainly leaves a bad taste for the overall quality of the dryer.
my 3 month old baby girl simply just love them, ever since she got these she kept on playing with them in and out of her mouth constantly.
There is not much I require of a hair dryer, just one that dries hair quickly and has options for heat and airflow level.  I'm not sure the high priced hairdryers actually perform any better than this one which costs less than $20.  Great buy in my opinion.
This product was a worthy buy, it is inexpensive and not heavy duty. Great for everyday use and it's light weight makes it easy to pack for travelling.
This is the second wubba nub I bought for my daughter. I got her first one as a shower gift. She has the lamb, monkey & pink elephant. She is almost 6 months & this was the last one I got for her at 5 months. She LOVES it and never really took a pacifier until these. She loves to put the animal in her mouth too & she chews on it. Many people think they're a pain because you can't clean them but I throw them in the washing machine all the time with her laundry. I don't put it in the dryer...I just let it air dry.
Fantastic!So much better than snapping it on to their clothing!They have the pacifier,as well as,a toy!!I would recommend this for any new mother or grandmother!
I love these pacifiers it would have been better if there were options for color choices because I got two pink ones out of the 3 packages that I ordered and I have a boy
My daughter LOVES this Wubbanub! It causes her to suck a bit louder than her usual pacifier, but I think that's because this one is flat instead of curved inward toward her face (which, BTW, I like better b/c she doesn't get slober-face or binky indentations on her cheeks!).  The stitching on the caterpillar body looks like I may end up mending it in the future, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
I was thrilled with this low cost, lightweight and well performing dryer.  It is perfect for everyday use and travel.  However, it stopped working after only two months of moderate use.  Disposable should be added to the product description.
As my hair has gotten longer, I've suddenly seen the need for for a hairdryer.  I'm a Man, but let me just say Mangroomer is a brand.  There's no reason women can't use this dryer as well, since Male and Female hair is pretty much the same.  This unit has worked quite well for my purposes.<br /><br />Pros:<br />-High power 1875W motor.<br />-3 heat and 2 speed settings.  I tend to use the lowest heat and highest speed.<br />-Cold air button to finish things off.<br />-Comfy rubber grip.<br />-Long cord.<br />-It looks cool!<br /><br />Cons:<br />-Not really sure the magical ion feature actually does anything.<br />-Annoying packaging.<br /><br />This hairdryer does the job and looks cool doing it.  Recommended for men or women who want to be groomered.
I did quite a bit of research before pulling the trigger on a new hair dryer. I was a bit hesitant to get a fold-able travel dryer since their reviews don't tend to be as good, however this one was the exception, which is why I went for it. The main features I was looking for in a new dryer was the weight, size, power and I would prefer it to be a ceramic dryer since they are healthier on your hair. My old dryer was the Vidal Sassoon VS501 1875W Ionic Sensor Touch Dryer. The VS501 lasted me several years and technically it still works. I've dropped it enough times that the front cover has broken making it a bit difficult to work the buttons. Below I have compared the two dryers:<br /><br />Conair 173RZ VS. Vidal Sassoon VS501<br /><br />Conair 173RZ Pros:<br />Lighter and smaller than the VS501, which is easier on my arm<br />Puts out more air than the VS501<br />Folds up for easy storage and travel<br /><br />Conair 173RZ Cons:<br />Not as hot as the VS501, but still drys hair just as fast if not faster due to the air flow<br />Shorter cord than the VS501, which unless you need it can make it easier to store<br /><br />Overall Summery:<br />The Conair is a great buy with the features of a full size dryer packed into a small, fold-able, lightweight design. The color isn't my favorite, but the fact that it meets all my criteria and I can take it with me when I travel makes up for it.
In January 2011 I purchased a PEM31SMSS GE spacesaver microwave because it was the only microwave with >400 watts of power I could find that would fit in the space I have.  It looked nice - better than a plain black box.  Approximately 4 months later the keypad stopped working and the microwave was replaced under warranty.  In August of 2011 the replacement microwave wouldn't turn off, and was replaced under warranty.  In March of 2012 after heating a cup of coffee, the third microwave just went dark and wouldn't work any more.  The stainless model was no longer available and was replaced with the black, which arrived yesterday.  Today I unpacked it and plugged it in.  The interior light won't turn off and there is no keyboard response when I press the START button because something in the latch isn't making contact.  I think I've had one of everything that could go wrong.  I would definately not recommend purchasing a GE spacemaker microwave of any style.
As soon as I put this in my daughters mouth she began to choke. I turned her over and had to pat her back and watch her choke. She was gasping for air as I was screaming and crying. Why would they make this product for infants!!! She coughed her medicine up with her foamy saliva. I was so terrified. She started to turn red and i just cradled her in my arms when she began breathing again. If I could give this product ZERO stars I WOULD!! Do not waste your money or put your child's life in danger!!
We were thrilled to find this product and see how it worked... until we sterilized it!<br />It lost its glow after that and became a regular pacifier.
My son has had some sort of break out or allergic reaction to regular pacifiers since he was around 3 months old.  I have tried EVERYTHING you could possibly think of to clear it up.  Medications, creams, pacifiers with more vents, all different brands, latex, silicone, and even tried breaking him of using a pacifier all together.  He would have red bumps on the area around his mouth that would sometimes form blisters, crack, and bleed.  At 6 months old I finally bought these pacifiers as my last resort and since using them we have not had any breakouts at all!!<br />It has been wonderful for my son and me.
I have wavy/curly hair and use a diffuser everyday so not to break up my curls... This hairdryer was actually too powerful (even on the lowest setting) for my delicate curls.  If I was going to blow it straight I'm sure it would have cut my drying time but for my type of loose curls, I needed the diffuser to diffuse more (It felt like the diffuser wasn't holding back any of the air) and the air not to be so powerful (on low).  I ended up returning this hairdryer and going back to my original lightweight Revlon.  I wouldn't recommend this dryer to someone with fragile/lightweight curls but I would recommend for everyone else.
I have very thick hair that is difficult to dry. This hair dryer is powerful and dries my hair quickly and easily. I love it.
These are the only pacifiers my son will take! I'll be honest, at first I wasn't thrilled that my son took to a pacifier at 3 months. I just don't like the look of them sticking to a baby's face! However, I do like that these are clear. They serve the purpose of the pacifier (which I am so grateful for now!), but don't look hideous when my son sucks on it! I just wish they offered the clear version in the next size up as well.
These are the only pacifiers that my baby likes. they look great and the cap keeps the cleaner for longer. I wish there was a way that the cap could be tied on paci grip because the caps are easy to lose because they are clear.
This is a neat little hair dryer that has alot of power and does not take up much space. I really like it.
This product works really good and the price is reasonable. I strongly recommanded.<br />I will say this might be the best choice for product in this price range.
This is an amazingly sturdy and powerful hair dryer.  Really dries my hair quickly and allows for easy styling.  This one should last me a long time.
Love this. it's light weight which is nice and easy to use. I have a lot of hair, and it dries so fast with this hair dryer! would def recommend it!
What I love most is the fact that its one piece & easy to clean,<br /><br />Also- these are extremely cheap
I purchased this a while back and still works great. I definitely would recommend to buy this product, worth the money and the item shipped fast! :)
It could have been better for the price. It keeps burning my hair occasionally, a problem I never had with the previous dryers. I dont like it for that reason but otherwise it is fine. I bought a different dryer for primary use now. This is just for emergency use.
I just love it. I was looking for a professional hair dryer for styling and it's exactly what I was looking for. The heat is just perfect and it keeps the hair shiny.
Love these wipes for their quality and mildness ! My baby often drops her pacifier and other teething toys and these come to my rescue ALL the time ! My baby's occupational therapist was astonished to hear about wipes for pacifiers available these days :))
this is the only pacificer my 8 month daughter will take.. it is all one piece and easy to clean.. it is true to the picture unlike someone said and it says colors vary so you cant be picky on what colors you get. luckily i got pink so i was happy but i really wouldnt have cared but they are not in stores where i live so i have to order them off amazon.. thank you for carrying them!!!
Great, I just loved the baby MUTE BUTTON pacifier! It arrived in a timley manner in great condition and looked even better than described in the ad.
I ordered these for my newborn but when the package arrived it was marked as 3-6 months. However I received the exact same brand as a gift in the 0-3 month size and I have to say I can't tell them apart. I put all three next to each other and couldn't tell there was a size difference at all. They are hard to see when they fall on the floor but we keep it attached to a paci clip so that hasn't been a big issue. Overall I'm very pleased.
They look similar to the soothie but they arent. The nipple is way smaller than the soothie and the material is so heavy and my baby would suck on it but the second she stoped it would fall out of her mouth because it was sooo heavy.. they are cute tho!! Just wish the nipple was exactly like the soothie and it would be perfect!!
I would order with them again for sure. Package arrived in a timely fashion. Love the product. Professional correspondence with them.
My 7 month-old daughter loves this pacifier. She also uses it as a teether. She chews it from both sides. It's safe and very soft, she can't hit herself with it, or get hurt when she rolls over it while asleep.
This blow dryer was purchased to replace a similar one.......just love the fact that the cord retracts!  It's not cumbersome, has two speeds and a cooling option.  Terrific value for the money.
I love this microwave.  It is the perfect size for a small space, it looks nice, and it cooks well for a 750 watt.  The first one I received would not latch and Whirlpool took care of sending me a new one and picking up the old one, even though I did not purchase it directly from them.
I think this gift will be worth the money. My baby is not here yet but I have heard great things from friends regarding wub-a-nubs. The giraffe is pretty thin but we will see how it holds up.
